if you enjoy this type of content and
want to see more consider supporting the
channel on patreon.com ford / Magikarp
use fly to help produce more videos like
this and learn more about upcoming
projects huge shout out to the game
chests at the spectrum and Irvine for
helping us out on this journey that's
wonderful it's a little bit so all of us
together have spent over three thousand
dollars building an army for this game
that we don't even know if we'd like yet
when I was younger I've always been
interested in tabletop games because of
how much it brought me and my friends
together you know it was mostly revolved
around card games and board games but
there was always a section of tabletop
that I was just too afraid to get into
and that's Warhammer 40k for me it seems
too complicated had too much time
investment
I couldn't understand where to even
start or how to play but now that I'm
older and have the resources to do so I
can finally start getting into tabletop
war games and it's a lot to unpack I
want to dive in as much as possible and
before I can even play my first match
I've got to figure out what army to run
what units to use get the Codex tally up
the costs understand the rules get the
pieces build everything pain and all and
hopefully not get absolutely slaughtered
in my first official match and in this
series I'm gonna be taking you through
that long road while also being joined
by some of my good friends Berkey domeki
and john p as we all start getting our
armies together leading up to the four
of us taking one another on in a 2000
point game as we begin our journey to
Warhammer 40k
[Music]
a couple months ago the Game & Watch
Group we're talking about different
games you can play as we get ready to
launch the second channel dedicated to
tabletop games like magic yugioh and
various board games and eventually
bricky brought up the idea of playing
tabletop war games starting with
Warhammer unlike other board games or
video games or you can just start it up
and start picking up the rules Warhammer
40k is a completely different beast
there's four things we have to get ready
in order to start making Warhammer
Content 1 get our armies together this
requires building an army list
purchasing the unit's building them and
getting them table ready by painting all
of the miniatures this is probably going
to be the longest portion considering we
have in total 4 armies to paint to build
a table capable of playing the game
because Warhammer not only has to be
played on a 6 by 4 table but it also
needs terrain to place onto the play
area considering that most good-looking
tables are 5 or 6 by 3 and tables me for
this hobby costs upwards of $1,500 you
know as long as it looks nice we'll need
to build our own table for the game 3
find a space large enough for us to play
and record it this one's pretty simple
the space we're in now doesn't have
enough room for us to embody the entire
game as well as film the whole thing for
the highest production value possible
finally play the [__] game it's gonna
be a long journey and first step starts
with getting our hands
on the harm easy bill what time is it
it's about hi BAM did you sleep at all
no hey my name is Matthew Castro also
known as Magikarp you fly and this is my
first time playing Warhammer oh man so
today we are finally going out and we
are getting our army which is really
really exciting we've been shopping
around ideas for our list and trying to
figure out how to build a list because
you have to have like the right
detachments and have the right I'm not a
point so you know trying to customize
our points without having like the
models with us you know looking through
the codecs and everything and trying to
figure out what would be the most bang
for our buck and we finally got it all
it got shipped out to us and so today we
are picking up all of them so it is very
very very exciting or at least most of
them we're picking up no soon yes ma'am
we are I am on my way over to domeki
house right now because we need to go
and head on over to brickies place we're
going to take an uber because yes get a
rental car and then we have to head over
to brickies in order to go and pick up
our stuff but today it's a very big day
because today is the day that we get all
of our units gonna be my units brickies
units becky's units and john pease units
all four of our units we're picking all
them up today all of our armies we're
getting all of them today it's gonna be
one crazy yesterday so let's let's get
started created in 1975 Games Workshop
started off producing wooden boards for
classic games such as backgammon chess
and makalah later becoming the exclusive
UK importer for the newly created
role-playing game Dungeons & Dragons
obviously the game became a huge success
in games workshop's sought to capitalize
on the market by starting another
company in 1979 called Citadel where
they manufactured miniatures
representing characters portrayed in
various world
playing adventure games Citadel was a
huge hit and their miniatures were being
sold left and right but the only problem
was that they were being collected so
much people had miniatures laying around
collecting dust so in 1987 Games
Workshop produced their first book
tackling that problem by creating a game
where you would take all of your
collected miniatures and place them in
an army to wage war on another person's
collection this was the beginning of
Warhammer 40,000 we went to our local
game store and he was like hey my
brother's got an army want to come on
and play and I played like around with
demons and it was it was a lot of fun I
was like wow this is a sick game and
then I immediately got addicted to it
and dumped all of my money into it so I
started probably around 8 years ago and
it was chaos marie's it was spiky it
kind of edgy man I can summon demons a
Christian parents won't like this one
think of the game like a tabletop
version of a real-time strategy video
game except on a grander scale
you've got Tao Imperial Guard blood
angels space wolves necross sports
tyranids Eldar to carry genes to our
Colts and a bunch of others all with
their own models and play styles the
scope of the game is so massive that in
total Games Workshop sells over 600
unique models for their tabletop games
this doesn't even include the different
amount of weapons you can equip to a
model so essentially the possibilities
of different armies you can make in the
game is almost endless and the models
are being sold at a rapid pace
as of today Games Workshop is recognised
on the London Stock Exchange and has
become one of the fastest growing
companies in the index as of 2018 the
annual revenue made by the company
reached a staggering 220 million dollars
and interest in the game has only grown
right now the company is valued at a
total of over 1 billion dollars
what is your what is your army wife eat
she's that army
Starcraft was a huge huge huge part of
my life when I was younger before going
to school I would wake up like an hour
early just so that I could get a game of
like a fast map game of Starcraft which
is insane because nowadays I can barely
even get myself to get out of bed by by
like [__] 2 p.m. I always like
Protoss but the race that I always
thought was really really cool but I was
just too stupid to understand how to
play them effectively whether desert and
so I chose the Terran it's because they
look like they're I mean the Terran is
are a huge huge inspiration for the Zerg
and everything like that you can see it
in all the models that are there for the
army you know there's Owen throw-ups
they look like Hydra lists the zerglings
are like the [__] mag aunts and
everything like that it just it's really
cool and they're models just looks sick
their models looks so cool and you can
customize them however you want there's
so much kit bashing you can do a
tyranids
there's so much schemes that you can do
they're super super easy to customize
and just play whatever you want to play
they might not be the best but they
definitely look really really cool and I
like
[Music]
let's do it I pound down and so I went
into it not knowing anything and Ricky
said all right we're gonna start with a
game usually when people say that you
should play Warhammer they say that you
should start with kill team or with a
500-point army you know you get a start
collecting box and then you build an
army out of that and that would usually
get you around to 500 points we're
starting off at 2,000 points so all of
us together have spent over three
thousand dollars building an army for
this game that we don't even know if
we'd like yet so don't don't do what
we're doing dude yeah hey man hey man oh
dude how are you dude I'm good dude do
you have any do you have any D batteries
yeah I do
can I have one yeah these nuts no I
really didn't need to be battery hi
everyone I'm domeki and today I'm going
to tell you about the tau empire that I
will be playing in Warhammer 40k so I
chose the towel because they are like
the Protoss from Starcraft and Starcraft
was my favorite game growing up and that
was my favorite race so that's why I
picked them I think that the other human
races the Marines are kind of basic
that's why I chose them also lots of
mechs and I like Gundams let's go
[__] spend a [__] ton of money on
plastic pieces
[Laughter]
so right now we're waiting for our lift
because I go out of town tomorrow did
Bobby come on no not yet I saw all over
pornhub yeah they were doing like
they're doing ads at Jay and Silent Bob
on pornhub I like this hobby or I like
Warhammer 40k because it's part of some
of my other hobbies I have done like
I've worked on crisis protocol which is
another miniature tabletop game and then
also I've done a lot of gun rooms when I
was growing up especially around Gundam
Wing that's when like the models kind of
first came out so that's when I started
building them and I kind of continued
from there and that's another reason why
I like Warhammer 40k so much just
because model building painting it's
relaxing these are like 60-80 models
that you built yourself and that you
painted yourself this might be you know
a really shitty swarm Lord but it's my
shitty swarm Lord you know he might look
like a stupid piece of [__] but you know
he's my stupid piece of [__] you know
what I mean when you were used to video
games which I mean I know I am and was
where it's very much like you just fly
and you're in but man I stayed up like
late nights was a mage just trying to
paint through everything to get ready
for like a game we wanted to play the
next day and it's so satisfiying man
even like delirious from being tired
it's so satisfying yes what will
personal probably like I feel more
connected to my various warmongers and I
ever do to like any champion I play in
league or character
[Music]
so this one actually has a TPMS light on
it goes out II it's like the same size
yeah sure then upgrade or downgrade in
Audi yeah I think I'm outies in the fame
of Farid
what the [__] look at this [__] gas
thing like there's no it's not an TARDIS
digital alright we can finally go get
gas okay too much stop oh why no why
Keter alright heaters going you want
your ass more no I'm good I want my ass
warm blow that's too warm what you back
like it's so no wait yes okay found it
oh thank god I've known about Warhammer
40k I've never actually participated in
it except for like a test playing of it
when I was at the mall one time with my
grandfather I was about 13
like I'm familiar with Warhammer 40k but
this is my first time actually like
building our army and playing it the
only thing that sucks is the cost the
initial cost is ridiculous so I'm
starting to go fund me page so I can pay
for my daughter's toys Christmas
[Music]
ah I'd say at least I wouldn't be able
to give you an exact number but I can
definitely assure you that it's
somewhere wait tell me what you're
saying again yeah okay so the models I'm
totally fine with being expensive you
know they kind of make sense some of
them are way more expensive than they
should be
like I feel like that tearin' in models
are super super expensive but the bucks
are less expensive the this this is
completely [__]
these books are [__] [__] it
already even started playing the game
you need to get the rulebook that's 50
bucks okay after the rule book what you
would then need is a codex which is like
this thing this has like all your point
value stuff for your army has all your
stratagems your psychic powers all the
different weapons that you can have and
then it has all the data sheets that you
need for your army this costs for y'all
okay so 50 and 40 bucks fine all right
but then every single year the games
workshop comes out with this this is
called a chapter Putin book chapter
approved is like the way that Games
Workshop patches their game this has all
the different missions that you can play
for the game and then it also has
updates to certain like data sheets or
it'll add new characters and stuff but
the biggest thing is that it has all
these different updates to your points
for your armies if somebody got point
reductions or somebody got point
increases you have to get this this is
another $35 what you can also get is it
update to your [__] faction or to
your army that's what this is psychic
awakening this is the newest update for
my tournament army this will have
different things that you can do with
your arm it has like you know bio
artifacts
adaptive physiologies new stratagems it
has new psychic powers and yet has new
high free adaptations you know a name
generator' wait the [__] why does anyone
need a name generator and this is
another forty [__] dollars and on top
of that on top of that and this is this
is a huge slap in the face this is book
cost $40 these are all the pages that I
need just this about how many pages is
that maybe top this picture yes of
course okay so one two three four five
six seven eight nine ten if we didn't
count that it's nine pages $40 for nine
pages in this [__] book so before you
can even play the game you have to buy
all these books in total with the rule
book your codex chapter approved and
your update is 165 dollars and you
haven't even buy any models yet back to
[__] that is complete and utter
[__] and it can all be changed if
there is just an online database like a
I'm just a dragons it has an online
database look at them they made there
they're doing great that's all that's it
that's it that's all I want to talk
about it's [__] stupid let me yes
money lots of money but then if you
think about it right if like if they
have an online database wouldn't that
make it so then the game becomes more
accessible yeah make it more accessible
for people and people would be more
willing to buy more models because they
have the information and then they don't
have to spend them extra money on the
books then they'll buy more models
instead makes it more accessible more
people can play it and then on top of
that for Chapter proof stuff they could
just make a they could do updates more
often and they can make it the game more
competitive it doesn't make sense as to
why it's not in an online database yet
and then the people that still want the
hard bookcovers
they can still buy it because they are
nice they're nice books
[Music]
and a bunch of money I'm gonna see a
titty do you know I have to change mine
already but I mean I like to tell their
communist Protoss from from Starcraft
Starcraft
we're playing Starcraft another are you
only gonna put it into riptides yes in a
storm surge what I don't want to be to
do that does trip tides would you want
me be to do that does trip tides Ricky
Ari say if I put in 3 Riptide he's gonna
put in 3 Bane blades right isn't always
called beyblades why are we going on the
toll road because that's why I told me
you do Ricky's fault goddamn it now
gonna pay this [__] the toll roads calm
suck my balls directory let's brickies
last night let me in some white
privilege right here Jesus Christ I need
to pee you rinse it out e Ricky what
don't don't don't get on what kind of
booze was the ghetto right across this
dream low
my name is brick II I am playing the
astronaut Arum but I call an Imperial
Guard because I am NOT a Zoomer and I've
been playing Warhammer since 7 early 7th
edition and for about 7 7 years ago oh
my god geez I'm really excited mainly
about making a guard army I've always
really want to make a guard army I used
to do the kind of the small armies back
in the day but now I got one that's like
bein blades and Leman rust tanks and
Death Strike missiles and 20 Death
Strike missiles because I'm just really
cool and this is a fun army to play but
also 8th edition seems really neat
compared to
in addition vii had a lot of problems
and I found a lot of necrons so getting
to play the army I like in a that seems
a lot better and also introducing some
of my friends too it seems like it's
gonna be really really fun and and I get
to I get to way along them yep yeah
sorry about that part there in the
Irvine Spectrum the largest outdoor mall
in America it has a ferris wheel and a
merry-go-round and a nice reach so we
are going to the game chest it is a
special games like hobby store like a
little smaller one that is owned by my
aunt and we're going there because we're
getting a absolute table full of
Warhammer stuff I just kind of priced
because she hooked me up with a really
nice discount so we're going there in
the Irvine Spectrum and we're gonna pick
it all up and take it into the car I'm
not gonna do in there route or run I'm
not gonna do in there route or run like
a goblin there's a lot of there's a lot
of people Wow
that is that yep that's exactly what
we're doing
I saw a big Space Marine boy right there
and it's even got famous
[Music]
that is doing it Matt you want to see
all of your terma class now you have
like 9 packs of termagant slot items
that are web-exclusive which means I
have to purchase them differently right
are still incoming and those are about
15 items oh yeah Manticore and
Jonathan's for a Jonathan listen to
Matthews okay yeah that sounds about
right
you know I thought my learning curve was
steep learning specialty board games
when I have really good games here this
is the only place where I've seen the
wingspan expansion available there's the
only place where I've seen the wingspan
expansion available they actually had
all the villainess expansions but they
yeah but like the cool thing about
Vilnius is that you don't need them core
box I'm sending a few more things to the
list just a Valkyrie and and glue I need
an extra leaving Rus tanker I'll have
enough leave in rust tanks I only have
about five I need more
I'm not gonna run through the whole
thing okay full boy okay so starting
with myself I'm running an Imperial
Guard KT and imperial garb so we've got
commando squad
Katie and infantry squad two heavy
weapon team is one two three four five
six seven eight nine ten eleven twelve
thirteen five man squads Acadians start
collecting Katie through the heavy
weapon squad commissar ten troops and at
Leman rust tank another Lehmann rust
tank that chimera a Valkyrie we've got
one two three
Imperial hydras these are gonna be
turned into a wyvern mortars we have a
squad of bull grens
we have another kadian heavy-weapons
team and at last but not least a Milt
arm temp Estes squad with a Toric's
command squad and Lord commissar was
lost as all my stuff yeah yeah kid Ian's
there's a lot as for mr. Don peep we
have the space wolves so he has to
venerable dreadknots I'm sure one of
these boys will become Bureau we also
have a cavalry we have a bit of Wolfen
we also have just a standard guards
Terminator squad of these guys well a
predator a storm thing which I've always
loved the model of and a primary space
we'll start collecting squab moving on
to domeki we have a lot of towel it's
just just disgusting we have a start
collecting towel Empire
we've got stealth battle suits to stuff
bow suits in fact we've got squab
pathfinders a ghost keel battle suit as
well as a tau empire commander and we
roll our way over here we have the worst
sin of mankind the Riptide he already
has another ripped eye this is a second
rip time the moment he gets three we
choose not to play with him anymore and
finally we have the last piece right
here a hammerhead gunship which actually
is pretty cool finally last but not
least the man behind the camera he's
playing to nudes and on the knids side
of things we've got oh my god
like five packs of jean stealers four or
five packs of terma Gaunt's and then
past the term accounts we've got the
venom throats which I always love these
models and then we've got one A two A
three hive tyrants to go along with it
this is only the stuff that you see here
I already have things at my house
including a bane blade of multiple
Lehmann rust tanks more squads and
another Valkyrie we also have a full
list of things that not arrived yet tau
sniper drones with fire sight marksman's
commander Farsight a sky rate gunship I
have a weird vein seikar primaries
cyclers two manticores and regimental
advisors also Lord Castle and creed who
cannot hide Bane blades anymore which is
sad and a Death Strike missile when I
really really just don't like people and
then we have two karna fix squads for
good old Matt to hive guard squads and a
whole lot of more space wolves that's
only the stuff that we don't have here
and don't have at home and of course Don
pees running Logan Griffin R or whatever
the guys name is for the space wolves
because he's big and terrifying and he's
on a chariot there's been moments where
I didn't enjoy the Hobby but I feel like
that comes with every hobby like League
of Legends magic you always have your
moments where you're like man I don't
know if I actually enjoy this or if I'm
playing it because I've invested but
looking back on all the like actual like
events I've been to the matches I played
the people I play with I don't think I
would actually trade those memories for
anything I would have spent the money on
something regardless and I still have
several moments from ten eleven years
ago in my case with my German army so
that stuff that I bought over a decade
ago he's still doing the enjoyment now
and I couldn't say that about basically
anything else that I could have bought
with that money it's probably some of
the highest ROI
you can get at any hobby right like you
spend a lot but the time investment and
it's not like required to time
investment
it's like enjoyable time oh that's
that's wonderful we have like we're
missing like $400 tooth so building
lists and talking to friends and going
to tournaments and playing practice
games and thinking about strategies and
watching Fowler reports and all this
stuff it's like it's probably you know
it says it's a significant chunk of just
my day to day time but I really get a
lot of enjoyment out of so you know
that's worth a lot
a lot of mics and please help what's
wrong what did you want to talk about
the [__] show that started this whole
thing
what happen hey what's up guys today I'm
Jonathan I'm completely new the
warhammer and I'll be playing the space
wolves the tyrannous came out with his
new patch and it kind of just completely
changes my entire arm we need them we
need the table you need the table pretty
strong well over a hundred models they
have to paint defensively in the groups
I like Kate because it done anything new
with your armies I'm pretty sure that
brick is building another army he's not
telling everybody thank you guys for
watching the video I hope that you guys
really enjoyed it it's one of the
biggest projects that I've this is
probably just the biggest project I've
ever done and there's still more content
for it to come out there's three more
episodes and I just want to give a big
shout out to all the people that have
been supporting the channel on patreon
at patreon.com forward slash magic
carpet used to fly all these names over
here have all been people that have been
supporting the channel so I want to just
take the time to say thank you guys very
very much if you guys want to help
support the channel make more content
like this I really really like making
this type of content but it does take a
lot of time and I just need to learn to
figure out how to make more content
while also making this content and your
guys's support on patreon is a huge huge
help for that if you guys are signed up
through the patreon you guys get access
to the private channel on the carpet of
discord server discord gigi ford slash
magic carp [__] no yes discord Gigi Ford
/ Magikarp use fly and get a private
channel in there where I talk to
everybody we have some movie nights we
talk to each other and
yeah it's a pretty good time also on the
discord server we'll be adding in a
warhammer text channel so that people
can talk about it and everything like
that thank you - at ease games at ease
games they they let us like film a bunch
of their models that they have on
display and that's over in San Diego I
go there a lot with domeki and John P
and breaky and stuff and so if you guys
are ever in the area go and check that
place out as well they have a huge
Warhammer selection so I'll leave the
outro for here and I'm gonna go and get
a haircut because I've had to keep my
hair long in order to keep continuity
and it's bugging the hell out of me and
that's why I've been wearing a beanie
throughout this entire series so yeah
thanks for watching